feat(b2b): add new icon for the B2B pages (#262)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/appendices/migration-guides.md

> ### New icon required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New icons required
```

> In this release we added a new Alert component `<WarnAlert>`. As such we needed a warning icon. 
> 
> We also needed a new people icon for the b2b module.
> 
> We added these icons in [the theme's `<Icon>` component](https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/main/src/web/theme/components/atoms/Icon/Icon.js). If you have overridden the `<Icon>` component please add both icons as follows to the list of icons to avoid any error messages at page loading. 

Reviewer: a bit shorter

```suggestion
In this release, two new icons (`warn` and `users`) were added to [the `<Icon>` component](https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/main/src/web/theme/components/atoms/Icon/Icon.js).

If you have overridden the `<Icon>` component, you need to add both icons as follows to the list of icons to avoid any error messages at page loading:
```
